Add meta post about frameworks and platforms (#310)
rapidsai/deployment: source/guides/deploy-dask-spark.md

# How do Dask and Spark relate to deploying RAPIDS?

Throughout the RAPIDS Deployment Documentation we spend a lot of time actually talking about deploying tools like [Dask](https://www.dask.org/) and [Apache Spark](https://spark.apache.org/). This document aims to answer common questions around _"What does deploying RAPIDS really mean?"_ and _"How do Dask and Spark relate to deploying RAPIDS?"_.

To make things clearer let's start by answering questions like _"Which packages make up RAPIDS?"_ and _"Who is in the RAPIDS community?"_.

> ## The many projects of RAPIDS

Reviewer: This seems like a really useful way to convey to first-time users the world of RAPIDS (thinking of that PyData ecosystem image that gets passed around a lot), and I'm wondering if any of this can be applied to the [about section of RAPIDS' main page](https://rapids.ai/learn-more/#about), where some of these packages aren't mentioned?

Author: Thanks @charlesbluca. 

What do you think @exactlyallan? The goal of this doc is to help explain some backround about RAPIDS from a deployment perspective, but perhaps some of this copy would be useful to put on https://rapids.ai?

## Single-node deployments

When starting out with RAPIDS it's common to install some of the _Core RAPIDS_ libraries on a machine with an NVIDIA GPU and begin using them in your Data Science workflows. For example if you are a [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) user and you have an NVIDIA GPU in your desktop workstation you may choose to install [cudf.pandas](https://docs.rapids.ai/api/cudf/stable/cudf_pandas/) and benefit from the nearly [150x performance gain it can give you with zero code changes](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/rapids-cudf-accelerates-pandas-nearly-150x-with-zero-code-changes/).

If you don't have an NVIDIA GPU in your machine you may choose to leverage a service like [Google Colab](../platforms/colab) or a [Databricks Notebooks](../platforms/databricks) to provide you with a Python environment and a GPU, then you can install some RAPIDS libraries and get to work.

In these **single-node deployments** the process of deploying RAPIDS involves creating a notebook session with GPU hardware and installing RAPIDS.

## Multi-node and multi-GPU deployments

> As you move to larger datasets you will want to scale out to multiple GPUs and **multi-node deployments**.

Reviewer 2: What's the difference between mult-GPU and multi-node?

Author: Good point, does this make things clearer?

```suggestion
As you move to larger datasets you will want to scale out to multiple GPUs which may be spread over multiple nodes with **multi-node deployments**.
```

### Dask

Another popular choice for distributing PyData workloads is [Dask](https://www.dask.org/). Dask provides distributed PyData APIs including `dask.dataframe` and `dask.array` which use `pandas` and `numpy` under the hood and mimic their APIs. This makes Dask a quick addition for people already familiar with the PyData library ecosystem.

To execute these parallel APIs Dask provides a lightweight cluster framework called `dask.distributed` which can run on a single machine to leverage all of the resources in the machine, or on a large compute cluster to unify many nodes into one compute resource.

Because Dask uses PyData libraries internally and RAPIDS integrates with existing PyData libraries it is easy to compose the two things together and use Dask to distributed over GPU accelerated code. Projects from the _Extended RAPIDS_ ecosystem also include Dask support, for example [XGBoost has an `xgboost.dask` package](https://xgboost.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorials/dask.html) for distributing training over a Dask cluster.

> Also due to it's lightweight nature Dask has a goal to be able to deploy a Dask cluster anywhere. This could be on a laptop or workstation, on a generic distributed compute platform like [Kubernetes](../platforms/kubernetes) or [SLURM](../hpc) or even on other managed services like [Google Cloud Dataproc](../cloud/gcp/dataproc) or [Databricks](../platforms/databricks) running alongside Spark on the same hardware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also due to it's lightweight nature Dask has a goal to be able to deploy a Dask cluster anywhere. This could be on a laptop or workstation, on a generic distributed compute platform like [Kubernetes](../platforms/kubernetes) or [SLURM](../hpc) or even on other managed services like [Google Cloud Dataproc](../cloud/gcp/dataproc) or [Databricks](../platforms/databricks) running **alongside** Spark on the same hardware.
```
